Consistency Improvement of Examples (#190)
emschwartz/interledger-rs: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

- Make pull requests against `master` branch of this repository (emschwartz/interledger-rs) from your repository.
- If reviewers request some changes, please follow the instruction or make discussions if you have any constructive opinions on the PRs you made.
    - Then if you want to make some changes on your PRs, `push -f` is allowed to renew your branch after squashing your new commits. You don't need to open new PRs.

> - For our [examples](../examples/README.md), we adopted kind of `literate programming` approach. If you want to add some examples, it is highly recommended that your markdown files are properly described to be run with [`run-md.sh`](../scripts/run-md.sh) using a pipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For our [examples](../examples/README.md), we adopted a [literate programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming) approach. The examples are described in Markdown with shell commands included. The [`run-md.sh`](../scripts/run-md.sh) script parses the commands out of the Markdown file and runs them. If you want to add examples, please make sure your instruction file can be parsed and run by that script.
```

> - For our [examples](../examples/README.md), we adopted kind of `literate programming` approach. If you want to add some examples, it is highly recommended that your markdown files are properly described to be run with [`run-md.sh`](../scripts/run-md.sh) using a pipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For our [examples](../examples/README.md), we adopted a [literate programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming) approach. The examples are described in Markdown with shell commands included. The [`run-md.sh`](../scripts/run-md.sh) script parses the commands out of the Markdown file and runs them. If you want to add examples, please make sure your instruction file can be parsed and run by that script.
```
